Introduce Inter font (#10)
discourse/discourse-fonts: README.md

## Discourse Fonts

This gem is used to distribute all fonts used for the [Discourse forum software](https://discourse.org/). The main repository for Discourse is [https://github.com/discourse/discourse](https://github.com/discourse/discourse).

This gem can be found on RubyGems at [https://rubygems.org/gems/discourse-fonts](https://rubygems.org/gems/discourse-fonts).

### Adding fonts

Most fonts in this gem are from Google Fonts. When adding a new font, this is the process:

1. Download the font from Google Fonts

> 1. Make sure the license is added to a text file in vendor/assets/fonts. Sometimes the license will already be present, e.g. OFL is a common license.
> 1. Copy the downlowded .ttf files to vendor/assets/fonts
> 1. Add the font name, stack, and variants for e.g. different weights to lib/discourse_fonts.rb following the existing examples
> 1. Bump the VERSION in this file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure the license is added to a text file in vendor/assets/fonts. Sometimes the license will already be present, e.g. OFL is a common license.
3. Copy the downloaded .ttf files to vendor/assets/fonts
4. Add the font name, stack, and variants for e.g. different weights to lib/discourse_fonts.rb following the existing examples
5. Bump the VERSION in this file
```

for people reading raw markdown
